A **list** is a collection of elements, separated with `;`, surrounded by `[` and `]`. 
``` ocaml
[1; 2; 3]
- : int list
```
A list of integers has type `int list` - all elements must have the same type.
Lists are ordered: `[1; 2; 3]` and `[1; 3; 2]` are different.

The **head** is the first element.
The **tail** is the rest of the list collectively
- It has the same type as the whole list

The **empty list** `[]` doesn't have a head or a tail

# List operators

**Cons** operator `::` adds a single element to the front of an existing list. It is completed in a constant amount of time (independent of the length of the list):
``` ocaml
false :: [true; false]
=> [false; true; false]
```

**Append operator** `@` is used to combine two lists together. This takes time proportional to the length of the list on the left hand side of the `@` operator:
``` ocaml
[1; 2] @ [3; 4; 5]
=> [1; 2; 3; 4; 5]
```

# Functions using lists
## isnil
``` ocaml
isnil : 'a list -> bool

let isnil l =
	match l with
		[] -> true
	|   _ -> false
```
The argument has type `'a list` where `'a` stands for any type. If two types have the same letter they must have the same type. Functions like this are **polymorphic**.

## length
``` ocaml
let rec length l = 
	match l with
		[] -> 0
	|   h::t -> 1 + length t

length [5; 5; 5]
=> 1 + length [5; 5]
=> 1 + (1 + length [5])
=> 1 + (1 + (1 + length []))
=> 1 + (1 + (1 + (0))) = 3
```
`h::t` pattern matches to extract the head and tail. We can replace `h` with `_` as the variable is not used.
Note that the time is `O(n)`. Space is also `O(n)` because the intermediate expression `1 + (1 + (1 +...` is built up before any `+` operation is evaluated and must be stored somewhere before being processed.

## Sum
We can make a similar function to add a list of integers.
``` ocaml
let rec sum l =
	match l with
		[] -> 0
	|   h::t -> h + sum t
```
Since it is a list of integers, the function is not polymorphic and instead has type `sum : list int -> int`.

## Accumulator
To deal with the space usage, we can use an **accumulator**. We "accumulate" the 1s in an extra argument.
``` ocaml
length_inner : 'a list -> list -> int
length : 'a list -> int

let rec length_inner l n =
	match l with
		[] -> n
	|   h::
```